
Storyboarding dialogue


Scene 1: 

MC: White day is coming up…I’ve come so far along at this school and I don't have a boyfriend yet!…There are a lot of options to consider (for some reason…) but I guess you could say I have a sweet tooth for a select few…

I just don't really know what their preferences are for sweets for white day… I think I should get to know them first before I spend a ton on ingredients….I do have to survive on my $50 until next we-

Show k
K interjects MC thoughts: “Hey” 

MC flustered, “speaking of sweet selections.. Here comes one of them”

k  “Are you just going to stand there or can I grab my snack?”

MC “Oooohhh… yeah that’s only if you ask nicely” 

K sighs “...” 

MC choices: 
    if;
    “......”
    “Okay, fine…you’re no fun.”
    “Did I make you speechless?”

K  options: 
    then;
Begs playfully “oh sir, would you be ever so kind as to step aside?”
K smirks, teasing “that was TOO easy *pet name*”
    K blushes, picks you up and pushes you aside to say “not much of a challenge there *pet name*” 
    
    
K collects snack , “see ya later *user name* 

MC’s heart is pounding “phew… if that lasted any longer i would’ve started barking” 

“Well… I guess I should wait to figure out what I'm going to bake for white day. 

I need to hang on to this money just in case… and wait until i’ve made my decision on who to bake for. 

Like i said, there aarrree a couple more that have caught my eye…” 


Scene 2;

MC returns to the dorms to start their shift. Dorm hall BG masa runs into MC. 

MC: I’ve been really busy between classes at the university and having to be the dorms RA. I can’t stop thinking about White day since it’s so close now. 

I’ve never really had to “woo” somebody since I only came out my last year of high school… 

I just wonder what kind of dessert just screams “I want ot hold your hand in the gay ki-” 

Masa runs into MC while reading book

M: “Oh…. *user name*... i’ve been looking for you.” 

MC: “let me guess. You’re locked out again because you were so engrossed in reading?” 

M shyly looks away

M: “.. Would you be able to open it up for free this time? I know i said last time would be the last bu-” 

MC: “Oook but you know i can’t do it for free. The fee this time will have to be heftier considering last time the fee was only 5 dollars” 

Masa annoyed: “That seems only fair.. What is the fee this time  *user name*?” 

“...” 
MC laughs and teasingly says “Welllll…… how about a kiss?” 

Masa blushes “Would you stop joking around? I have to get back to my dorm soon..What would be the fee?” 

MC Choice: 

    If MC: 
    
    “What? Afraid to kiss another boyy?” 
    MC: He’s just SO cute when he blushes… i find it hard to resist teasing him.

    Im not even sure that he’s gay, but these moments really start to have me question. 

M options: 
    Then;
        "Thank you *username*"

        “...I am considering sleeping outside if this continues” 
        
   
MC response:
    
       “OK OK , I’ll open it for free. Just know next time there is going to be a higher stake” 
       
       "
        
















Scene 3:

Night Fall

MC crawls into bed to get some sleep for the day ahead.

MC: It’s really hard to decide between those two to give my sweets…

MC:I have a lot to think about tomorrow, but for now I should just focus on falling asleep.

Sounds of yelling and thumping come from outside

MC: Ugh, I guess I have to go see what that is…

MC finds Daichi practicing with his wrestling teammates. He seems really into tonight’s practice..

MC: “Sorry, you guys need to find somewhere else t-”

D: “[some shouting noise idk]!”

MC: I’m suddenly lifted from my feet, and before I know what is happening I’m slammed into a matt with a complete stranger on top of me…

D: “Oh, sorry! I thought you were one of my teammates!”

MC: In pain and blushing “It’s okay. Can you get off of me?”

D: Standing up and helping up MC

MC Choice:

“As I was saying, you need to be keep it down if you do that here”
“You guys need to take it somewhere else, people are trying to sleep!”

D Options:

“I promise we’ll be more quiet if you go on a date with me tomorrow.”
“How about we call it a night, and we continue practice in your room?”

MC flustered, “...” 

MC “Just try not to keep me up if you’re going to stay here.”

MC returns to their room, replaying the scene in their head. “He was so confident for being so stupid…

I know we just met, but it looks like this choice just got a lot more complicated. If only I had more than $50 dollars.”




Scene 4:

Next Morning

MC: I was kept up all night from them practicing….He can’t expect me to forgive him just for his looks alone.

I really need some coffee if I’m going to make it through the day. I should go get some from Starbooks….shouldn’t that name be illegal?
MC is standing in line and his attention is drawn to the sound of shouting off to the side. MC notices who it is and tries to avoid being recognized.

D: “Okay guys, break time’s over! We have a lot of work to do!”

D starts leaving. You notice he leaves his dorm key on the table.

MC: “...”

MC Choice:

“Loud AND oblivious? I’m not the kind of person who has a type, buuuut…”

“Of course he would forget about his key. I guess I have no choice but to help.”

MC leaves his spot in line to bring D his keys.

MC “Hey, you left these on the table.”

D: “Oh, hi!! You’re that cutie from last night.”

MC blushing, ignoring the remark “You should be more careful. Those aren’t cheap to replace, y’know.”

D, oversharing: “Thanks for the head’s up! Nothing gets the adrenaline going like wrestling, so sometimes I forget about small things like that! That’s why when we take a break we usually come to Starbooks…shouldn’t that name be illegal? Anyways, whenever I’m here I’m a sucker for their hot chocolate! I always tell myself to try something else but hot chocolate just can’t be beat, so I get it anyway!”

MC Choice:

    “Okay okay, I get it. Just try to be more careful.”
    “Do I have to kiss you to get you to stop talking?”

D Options:

    “[idk]”
    “Oh, if that’s how it is, I can keep going. [idk]”

D: “Anyways, I have to get back to practice. See you around!”

MC: [idk]



Scene 5: 

Black screen 

MC: Class was tough today… I couldn’t stop thinking about what im going to make for White day since there is only 2 days left. 

I know i should reaally get to studying…. But the arcade near us just bought a new (DDR rip off) machine. There’s bound to be one of the guys there trying out the new machine.

This could be a good chance to get to know one of them a little better..

MC choose to: 

    Go to arcade (jump label arcade) 
    Go to Library (jump label library) 


Label arcade: 

MC: “hyaaah. Ill just be here for a LITTLE while and then I have to go study..” 

MC spots K at one of the fighting game cabinets: Weird… normally i don’t see K here at the arcade at this time..well… he’s not here with anyone. Might as well approach him. If he sucks, maybe i’ll kick his ass a little too”

K show

MC: “Yeaahhhh… i use to play a lot of *game name* back in my days..” 

K “.... aren’t you only 21”

MC: You idiot. It’s just a saying. “Heh.. yeah.. Did you see they added a new DDR machine?” 
Wouldn’t it be so cute if we ended up playing like one of those couples online who switch on the pads

K: “If that’s your way of asking to play, then i’m all for it *pet name*. Ill just have you know, I’ll probably have you on your knees by the end of it” 

MC: WHATS THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN??? ON MY KNEES??? DOES THIS MAN WANT ME TO FOAM OUT THE MOUT-

K: “What will it be *pet name*?” 

MC: “A-actually I-i can just try DDR later with *insert name of other boy* 

K: “Yeah but then you wouldn't be playing with me, I didn’t know you were close with *boy*”  

MC: oh my gosh.. Is he the jealous type? I could REALLY have some fun with this..

MC choice: 

    Tease K “Well we’ve played only a couple of times, but it was really fun. I’m not sure you can match his energy” 
    Talk about being on your knees “I liked it better when you were talking about me being on my knees..” 


Label tease k: 

K: “Oh don’t worry, i can do better” 

MC: “Less words. More dance. Let’s go pretty boy” 

MC and K finish playing

K: “For being so small  ” 
MC: “Time for me to head out to the library to study. I had a hard time focusing in class today. 
return

Label Knees: 



Scene 6:








Scene 7:

WHITE DAY HAS COME UPON US….

MC: I need to choose my dessert today…college is nowhere near as hard as this.

I’m going to have to think hard about my decision on who to make sweets for. I only have fifty dollars to find the perfect ingredients! I better get going before the shop gets too busy.


Scene 8:

MC: I was hoping that when I got here the choice would be easier….

Whoever I choose, I need to pick the perfect ingredients if I have any hope of stealing their hearts.

Choose ingredients based on 50 dollar budget


Scene 9

MC: This will definitely win his heart! After he tastes these sweets I am totally going to have se- , I mean, have a boyfriend..! I can’t wait to give these to-

Dog: “WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF WOOF!!!!!!”
